docs: add state growth rates for C-Chain node configurations (#3762)
ava-labs/builders-hub: content/docs/nodes/node-storage/chain-state-management.mdx

| Growth Type | Rate | Description |
|-------------|------|-------------|
| Archival state | ~250 GB/month | Complete history stored at every block |

> | Active state + snapshots | ~100 GB/month | Active state + Snapshots every 4000 blocks for serving peers |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Active state + snapshots | ~150-200 GB/month | Active state + Snapshots every 4000 blocks for serving peers |
```

> | Active state | ~20 GB/month | Current blockchain state only |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Active state | Minimal or <10 GB/month | Current blockchain state only (with pruning enabled) |
```
